Required fields

Your retail catalog needs to include the following fields, formatted exactly as you see them. If they’re missing, or formatted incorrectly, your entire retail catalog will fail ingestion.

id
title
description
link
image_link
price
availability
item_group_id (only required when products have multiple variants)
Column name	Description	Syntax/supported values	Example
id	Unique ID that represents the product.	Maximum of 127 characters.	DS0294-L
title	Name of the product (same name as the product from the landing page, including variant details, such as color and size).	Maximum of 500 characters.	Women’s denim shirt, large
description	Description of the product.	Maximum of 10,000 characters in plain text (not HTML).	Casual fit denim shirt made with the finest quality Japanese denim
link	Landing page for the product (needs to lead directly to the same product and showcase the same data).	URL with a maximum of 511 characters, starting with http:// (we do not recommend hardwalls).	https://www.example.com/cat/womens-clothing/denim-shirt-0294
image_link	
Link to the main product image (at least 1000x1500 pixels, accessible by our user-agent and no template or placeholder images).

If you change the image later, you’ll need to use a different link or the image will not update.

URL with a maximum of 2,000 characters, starting with http:// or https:// (encode or remove commas).

We recommend enclosing the URL with quotes.

https://scene.example.com/image/image.jpg
price	Price of the product (should reflect the true cost of the product and include currency in ISO-4217 if it's not US dollars, otherwise we’ll default to US dollars).	
<numeric>

<ISO 4217>

Currency can come before or after the numeric price value, with or without space and follow the standard ISO-4217 code. Do not use 0 values or currency symbols.

24.99 USD
24.99USD
24,99 USD
24,99USD
24.99
24,99
GBP24.99
GBP 24.99
GBP24,99
GBP 24,99
availability	Availability of the product.	
One of the following:

in stock
out of stock
preorder

in stock
item_group_id (only required when products have multiple variants)	Parent ID of the product.	Maximum of 127 characters.	DS0294

Optional fields
 


You can add optional fields to your retail catalog to help us better map your products to people. The more information you provide, the more relevant your Pins will be to the people who see them.


Optional general attributes





























Optional product identifiers
Column name	Description	Syntax/supported values	Example
item_group_id	Parent ID of the product. 	Maximum of 127 characters	DS0294
brand

Brand of the product	Maximum of 100 characters	Josie’s Denim
GTIN	Unique universal product identifier	Numeric following GTIN guidelines	3234567890126
mpn	Manufacturer part number of the product  	
Maximum of 70 alphanumeric characters

"mpn":

"PI12345NTEREST"

Optional product characteristics






















Optional tax and shipping data

















Optional custom labels

Optional shopping ad fields



















Formatting tips

If you're using a CSV, we recommend wrapping your values in double quotes to avoid any possible parsing issues
Floating delimiters (like commas and tabs) can result in the item or file not processing properly
Check that you have the same number of delimiters in each row and column
Follow standardized American English for the required and set values in your feed
The retail catalog data source you’re adding must be encoded in UTF-8 format (with the exception of GOOGLE_TSV_EXCEL files, which must be encoded in ISO_8859_1 format)

Retail catalog alternatives
Make sure you follow our merchant guidelines . We may remove products or accounts that violate these guidelines.

Use the Pinterest API to create and manage your catalog . This advanced option is most suited to developers as it requires specialist knowledge.
Partner with an e-commerce site . It will format your products for publishing on Pinterest.
Create individual ads from your profile . This is a good option if you have a smaller group of products you'd like to advertise on Pinterest.
Create product rich Pins . Rich Pins automatically sync with your site and feature the most up-to-date pricing, availability and product information. 